add mvp doc (#6)
richardaspinall/poker: docs/mvp_make_it_work.md

## Preface:

This phase of the project is the MVP – Minimum Viable Product and it's all about "making it work". The Project Learning Objectives should be anchored to set up and getting something working which is described below:

## MVP

2 player (heads up) Texas Holdem

> Minimal frontend where 2 players can click to sit at seats at a table, click a button to say they are ready, and have buttons to fold, check, call, bet. Cards, table and who's turn it is should be clear

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minimal frontend where 2 players can click to sit at seats at a table, click a button to say they are ready, and have buttons to fold, check, call, bet (with basic bet logic). Cards, table and whose turn it is should be clear.
```
